In the animal kingdom, the anaconda is a solitary hunter who is incredibly stealthy for its size. They use their native wetlands as camouflage to sneak up on unsuspecting prey and in one quick stroke grab their victims and drown or suffocate them. Most large snakes use their strength to squeeze their prey to death, but anacondas know that they don’t have to put in as much effort to get the same effect. Even though they are bigger and stronger than the other snakes, they prefer to prove that they are smarter, too.

In so many ways those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Anaconda are the same. Powerful, resourceful, and perceptive, members of this sign know intuitively what moves to make and when to make them. They are careful planners and masterful manipulators, able to get what they want by taking calculated risks and taking advantage of others weaknesses. Members of this sign are extremely observant. They understand human nature so well they can often predict what you will do before you do it, and they are not afraid to use this skill to their advantage.



Above all else, those born under this sign are survivors. Even when they have plenty of resources, they are always looking for more. They don’t intend to be self-centered, they just know that they can’t rely on anyone but themselves, which sometimes leads to a solitary lifestyle. At their worst, Anacondas can become isolated, suspicious, judgmental, and greedy. They need positive people in their lives to help them become all that they are capable of. This is a sign of great power and resourcefulness. How they use this power will be an important consideration for anyone born under this sign.

A lot of changes will happen in the lives of Anacondas. In many cases life may start off with quick successes and become more difficult in mid-life. This is because Anacondas are very skilled at getting what they want from the start, but the consequences of their actions will eventually catch up with them, both good and bad. Many Anacondas will become disillusioned with success and instead choose to find a more fulfilling path in life. Others will simply need to learn how to be done trying to constantly win and begin enjoying the subtleties of life. Balance is difficult for this sign, but will become more and more important in their lifelong evolution.

