Powerful, clever, and determined, those born under the sign of the Anglerfish are mysterious individuals who use their immense intellect to outwit others in the game of life. And to them, life is a game; a challenge to be won. Just like a professional poker player, they keep a straight face and keep others guessing about their next move. It can be very hard to know what an Anglerfish is thinking or feeling since they rarely ever talk about their inner fears or hesitations.

Like their animal namesake, Anglerfish harness much more power than meets the eye. The size or strength of their opponent matters little, especially since members of this sign are experts in manipulation and use their intelligence to outwit their opponents at every turn. Like the animal, those born under the sign of the Anglerfish like to use their cunning to draw others to them, rather than chasing after anyone or anything.


If it seems like Anglerfish are competitive, that’s because they are. They don’t automatically take everything seriously, but they like to (and expect to win) at anything which requires strategy, manipulation, or intelligence. They are the proverbial chess players of life, always looking at the whole board before making a move. Anglerfish are not usually naturally athletic and tend to stay away from these types of competition (unless, of course, they find an athletic event they think they can win at).

Anglerfish are mostly loners, but they do enjoy socializing from time to time, especially with those who share their outlook on life. In public, members of this sign are usually fairly withdrawn and reserved. They prefer observing others before engaging them, and when meeting a new person will usually hesitate to share much about themselves and will instead ask questions about others. Others may see these individuals as quiet and even strange, but once they get to know them, Anglerfish become quite popular. If nothing else, they are interesting, smart, and funny. They have a certain indefinable charm that others find intriguing.

While they are mostly amiable, Anglerfish do have a tendency to be jealous, suspicious, and overly sensitive. They are among the least forgiving people you will meet, so be careful not to offend them if you want to see them again. Members of this sign need to learn to relax and realize that they don’t always have to have the upper-hand. Deep down they fear appearing vulnerable or foolish, and rarely forgive themselves for mistakes they make.