Persistent, eccentric, and romantic, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Beaver are hard workers who prefer to create their own universe rather than wait for life to happen to them. Beavers usually maintain a cool exterior, and can be straightforward to the point of being blunt. They don’t sugarcoat what they want to say; they consider that a waste of everyone's time. At the same time, Beavers don’t like to hear the hard truth about themselves. They want so badly to succeed and to avoid making mistakes that they often get TOO focused on the details and miss the big picture. Beavers HATE to look foolish or incompetent, so they must always be one step ahead of everyone else, which can be exhausting and is often unnecessary.

In the animal kingdom few creatures transform their surrounding environment as much as beavers do. By building their dams they are altering the flow of the environment all around them. In human societies this kind of activity is much more likely to cause disruption to the neighbors, co-workers, and family surrounding them. Humans born under the sign of the Beaver often don’t have the liberty to change their environment as readily as their animal namesakes do. Humans are smart enough to have some idea of how their actions would affect those around them, thus they have to be more careful and diplomatic in building their empire unless they want to face a large amount of opposition along the way.

And build an empire they will. Most Beavers are extremely dedicated to the idea of success, and most will want to succeed by doing things their own way. Career is of great importance as this is their primary method of proving that they have been successful in life. Members of this sign like having nice surroundings. They will likely indulge in their home or office setup, splurging on the best of the best as another way of proving their success to themselves and others. Truly the biggest danger for Beavers is becoming too self-focused. In their quest for success and a place in history, those born under this sign face the danger of losing track of what is really important in life and often will sacrifice relationships to chase their goals.

Being a blend of two self-focused and determined signs, Taurus and Rooster, this sign has good intentions but can easily find themselves spiraling into depression and anxiety which leads them to a place of burnout and disappointment. Taurus needs security and the Rooster needs to be constantly achieving. Taurus hates change but needs change to succeed while the Rooster has big dreams that usually end up being less fulfilling than originally imagined. As with every Primal Zodiac sign, the two sides of a person’s birth sign must be balanced in order for that person to become balanced. Beavers must learn to take time out from working and use that time to build rewarding relationships that have no end-goal