As a Capricorn born in the Year of the Rooster, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Bee are as hard working, optimistic, and straight-forward as their animal namesake. In the animal kingdom, worker bees spend their lives grinding away toward a higher purpose while at the same time enhancing and improving the world around them by pollinating flowers, providing honey, and sacrificing themselves for the good of their hive.

This description may make those born under the sign of the Bee sound like the slaves of society, but this is not accurate. If anything, Bees are slaves to themselves and those close to them, but even that is misleading. Members of this sign thrive on their ability to create, manage, and improve their surroundings. They are extremely hard workers with a strong sense of pride and honesty. They take their role in life very seriously (perhaps a little too seriously) and will make whatever sacrifices are necessary to reach their ultimate goals.


While Bees work hard at their respective duties, they are also very social creatures who like to interact with the world around them. The Rooster helps Capricorn to come out of his or her shell, allowing others to experience the humor, honesty, and helpfulness that this sign provides. Not everyone can handle a Bee’s energy, though. Though their honesty is appreciated, they can be painfully blunt with their words and are often disrupting conversations with their need to be seen and heard. Of course, Bees cannot see why anyone would dislike seeing them shine, and often assume that others are simply jealous of their natural talents and charm.


Many of their friends and family think that Bees work too hard. Indeed, they can become obsessive about their work and goals. Though they may feel fine about this, it is important for members of this sign to also take time out and enjoy their lives. Ambition is fine as long as it doesn’t take over, and with this sign that is a real possibility. Bees live and die for their mission, and for most of them that mission is to work until they’ve built themselves an empire.