Faithful, idealistic, and resourceful, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of Boxer are ambitious individuals who always want to do the right thing. A combination of the Western Zodiac sign of Capricorn and the Eastern Zodiac sign of Dog, members of this sign strive for personal success within the boundaries of their own moral and ethical codes.

Boxers are often traditional and avoid trying new things until they have done their own research. New ideas, techniques, and social roles have to be put to the test before they are accepted as valid. Some believe that Boxers are anxious, paranoid, and distrusting, and indeed they do take quite a bit of caution before partaking in any unusual affairs. It is this quality that often stands out to others, especially those who are more carefree.




To a Boxer, being right is more important than being adventurous. While they are willing to walk the longest journeys in order to achieve their goals, they also want to know that the long path is worth walking. To put it another way, Boxers always look before they leap. It’s not just for their own safety and well-being, but also for those who they care for. Members of this sign are often admired by their communities and worry that their actions could have a negative impact upon others. Boxers are also proud individuals who don’t want to be seen making a mistake. While this personality trait is often advantageous, it can also create a great deal of anxiety, making it difficult for Boxers to make decisions in a timely manner.


Members of this sign tend to be very black or white, right or wrong. The ever faithful Dog is likely to get lost in Capricorn’s ambition, thinking he or she is doing the right thing when in reality they are taking it too far. Unfortunately, neither Capricorn nor Dog are good at knowing when to stop. The more success they achieve the less likely they are to listen to others, especially if they truly believe that what they are doing is “good” or “right”. It will be the best intentions that can be the most dangerous in a Boxer’s hands.