Those born under the sign of the Butterfly are sweet, sensitive, caring, and generous. They have a deep affection for friends and family that almost matches their deep affection for nice things! Butterflies enjoy having nice homes, clothes, cars, and other luxuries. They have great taste in art and fashion and don’t like to leave home without looking good. This is an exceptionally easy-going sign whose struggles in life are almost entirely internal. Just as they care about their physical appearance, Butterflies are careful about what impression they give off socially.

Butterflies do not engage in conflict of any kind. They are quick to walk away from uncomfortable situations and while they are exceptionally sympathetic listeners, they cannot deal with true suffering or misery. Tense or upsetting events will push a Butterfly away quicker than anything else. Though they might not understand why, members of this sign gravitate toward peace and serenity in all situations.



In the animal kingdom, the butterfly begins as a caterpillar and transforms dramatically later in life, moving directly from crawling to flying. It’s no surprise that humans often use the life of a butterfly as a metaphor for growth and life transformation. In the Primal Zodiac those born under the sign of the Butterfly are already in the latter part of their spiritual growth. If our souls live many lifetimes over, then they only return as a Butterfly when much of their spiritual development has already taken place. For this reason members of this sign are often considered “old souls” who appear to have an understanding of life that is much deeper than their age would suggest.

Butterflies weigh every situation out carefully. They won’t make a move until they have measured all the possibilities. At the same time, this is a sign that longs for excitement and adventure. Butterflies constantly fluctuate between longing for a life of simple comforts and a life of unexpected mystery and passion. Despite seeming care-free members of this sign often secretly wish that life was more like the movies, which is part of the reason that they are suckers for an epic adventure or love story.

