Loyal, observant, and analytical, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Corgi are devoted friends and family members who take on the role of caretaker with great passion. Few others are as eager to jump in and help a friend in need, and Corgis take great pride in this. More so than other signs, members of this sign like to fill a very specific role in the lives of other people, thus getting the majority of their own personal fulfillment through their service to others.

While this appears to be self-sacrificing behavior on the outside, Corgis are very specific about the nature in which they help. While they are genuinely concerned with the happiness of those close to them, they also help in order to prove how helpful they are. Through each success Corgis become more self-assured and justified in their approach. Unfortunately this also leads to arrogance and closed-mindedness when it comes to accepting or integrating the ideas and approaches of others. Members of this sign can easily fall into the trap of thinking they are smarter and more capable caretakers than others and may begin to lose perspective on the reality of the situation.

In the animal kingdom, corgis were initially bred to serve a dual role - that of protector and director of livestock and the land they grazed upon. In a time before farmers had their land divided by fences, those with fertile grazing land would have to worry about livestock wandering away while outside livestock consumed all of their best resources. These small-statured dogs were the perfect caretakers for both concerns. They would keep each farmer’s livestock in its own territory by nipping at the heels of any animal who wandered outside of its respective boundary.

This is an astute and meaningful correlation to the Primal Zodiac sign of the Corgi. Those born under this sign are caretakers and protectors of their own herd. They don’t mind be overtly bossy because this is part of the role which gives them purpose. Others may not like being herded as much as Corgis like herding them, but without someone or something to take care of it’s not unusual for members of this sign to feel lost in the world.

The biggest life challenge for Corgis will be learning how to live independently, which is ironic because both partner signs (Virgo and Rooster) are highly independent signs. Those born under this sign must understand that there are many roles to play in life and there must be some sense of fulfillment outside of the caretaker or managerial role. One cannot view life objectively if they never step away from their normal life long enough to see the big picture. It is far too easy for Corgis to lose perspective this way and take themselves and themselves far too seriously.