Independent, temperamental, and restless, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Dragonfly are powerful individuals who are determined to get what they want in life. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are fast, energetic hunters whose power greatly outmatches their size.

Dragonflies are very passionate individuals. Their work ethic is second to none and combined with their forceful sense of determination, members of this sign are practically unstoppable. This is also one of the most resilient signs in the Primal Zodiac. Dragonflies cannot be held back by outside forces, period. Any obstacles in their way will be systematically removed as the Dragonfly pushes ever forward. They will only stop a project if they make a conscious decision to do so. Those who try to get in their way are wasting their time.



As confident as they might seem, members of this sign are somewhat insecure and are often unsure if they are moving in the right direction. Their inner drive makes it so that they constantly have to keep moving forward in some direction, even if it’s not one they are certain of. When others try to change the mind of a Dragonfly, they must realize that this cannot be done. Instead, one has to plant the seed of a decision in the mind of a Dragonfly, since the ultimate decision must be their own. This is a job best left to clever, intuitive types (such as the Frog or the Fox.)

It’s not hard to notice that Dragonflies have a hard time relaxing. They can be incredibly moody, especially when things don’t go their way, and have trouble letting their guard down. Dragonflies want to “win” at life, to prove that they are better than everyone else, and taking time to rest or meditate does not factor much into that equation. The internal push to seclude themselves and work on their projects has to be checked from time to time. Like anyone else, Dragonflies need to interact with others (in a non-work, non-competitive way) in order to maintain any balance in their lives.

