Powerful, majestic, and devoted, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Eagle are born to dedicate themselves to a cause with an intensity rarely seen by any of their peers. Their intensity springs from their personal passion and idealism, and those who are honest with their deepest desires will find themselves inexplicably drawn toward them.

Being born in the Year of the Dragon, members of this sign are tremendous leaders who naturally draw others in with their energy. Add to that the never-say-die work ethic of Capricorn and one can only imagine the possibilities. Eagles are unstoppable when they are focused on a goal and those with similar ideals will surely stop to take notice. In this way Eagles are natural forerunners in any political or business venture, though they must be careful not to get carried away by their own inflated egos.

Eagles can be absolutely dictatorial when it comes to the most important aspects of their work. They don’t trust anyone else to get the job done which only creates more work for themselves. Though they enjoy chasing their dreams, they must be cautious of burnout. Not just wearing themselves down but also those who (often voluntarily) follow their lead. Members of this sign don’t just want to be the best - they expect to be.

For better or worse, Eagles feel entitled to success. Not hopeful, not optimistic - entitled. While this sense of “divine right to greatness” helps keep them moving ever forward, it can also grow out of control very easily. Eagles inherently feel that they were born to do something and become very frustrated when they don’t get the help they desire. They expect to be rewarded and beloved for their brilliance and can become increasingly dictatorial to those who are intimidated by them. While this strategy may work in the short term, there is no better way to alienate one’s followers than this.

Though they are very strong in many ways, Eagles do have a weakness. Power, status, money, authority, and control are all temptations within the generous reach of this sign. However, true happiness for Eagles only comes through facing down opponents and overcoming obstacles. Taking the easy or unethical road will lead to a faster accumulation of wealth, but not increased happiness. As much as they want to win, they know inherently that their victory only truly matters if it can co-exist with their highest ideals.