Determined, romantic, and idealistic, those born under the sign of the Elephant are concerned with hard work, fairness, and intellectual pursuits. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign have strong bonds with family and close friends that overrides nearly every other concern. Generous, diplomatic, and (mostly) peaceful, Elephants guide their daily activities with a focus on the future as well as a work-hard / play-hard attitude.

Within each Elephant there are two instinctive states regularly in conflict with one another. While the Ox (Chinese Zodiac) works tirelessly to earn the financial security required to feel stable, Libra (Tropical Zodiac) longs to be free from the daily grind and wants to enjoy the pleasures and adventures available in life. Both sides agree that they enjoy vacations, luxuries, and a sense of progress in life, but both have different ways of viewing this. Depending on the aspects of certain planets in the birth chart (most notably Jupiter and Saturn), each individual Elephant will experience this inner conflict differently, but for all it will be a major part of life.



There will be a strong drive to try to acquire as much money as possible, since all aspects of an Elephant’s personality agree that while money won’t necessarily buy happiness it will provide a way to afford periods of rest, relaxation, and adventure. The dream of many Elephants is to somehow come into a large amount of money (earning it, winning the lottery, marrying rich, inheritance, etc.) and no longer have to struggle so hard to earn their keep. Though they like nice things more than the average person, the true desire for money is really a desire for happiness, and without the constant stress of worrying about paying the bills, Elephants see an opportunity for a different lifestyle emerge.

That’s not to say that Elephants don’t want to work. In fact, they usually have to be doing something. While other aspects in the birth chart will determine how comfortable they are socially, there is one thing that both the Ox and Libra agree upon - that hosting a party is the ultimate in social satisfaction. Elephants have great taste and an advanced sense of style. Their homes are almost always decorated lavishly and no sign is more well equipped to throw the biggest, best parties for good friends and family.

