The “spiritual wanderers” of the Primal Zodiac, those born under the sign of the Gecko are deep, energetic, and creative. They get excited about new events, social scenes, and even rough concepts of new ideas.

Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are often found restlessly trying to find the best possible situation to put themselves in, rather than simply relaxing and enjoying the moment. Just as the lizard will move all over a rock to get the perfect amount of sunlight, those born under the sign of the Gecko spend a great deal of energy trying to find the most perfect balance possible. Maximizing their potential enjoyment of every situation is what often drives a Gecko’s behavior, and because of this they can be a bit oblivious to the effect they have on the people around them.

Geckos have a lot of insecurities, though they often try not to show them. They want to be known among their peers as the good-hearted truth-seeker who naturally is much wiser and spiritually deeper than the rest. In many ways, this is exactly what they are, though they are not nearly as close to perfection as they would like to believe. In fact, they often keep themselves busy to avoid noticing that they don’t really make a lot of forward progress on a daily basis. Geckos are far more likely to start new projects or adventures with great amounts of energy that fade out far before anything sustainable can be created.



Because they tend to be big on self-analysis, Geckos are usually pretty healthy. They know what their body needs, almost too well, and are very hesitant to put themselves in situations where they might not have everything they need. What they see as self-awareness is likely to appear to others as being picky, fidgety, and self-absorbed. In truth, Geckos can be so over-analytical and limited in their interests that they have difficulty compromising with others who don’t share their views. Geckos are famously difficult when trying to cohabitate with other people.

Ultimately, Geckos just want to feel good and feel good about themselves. They want life to be a grand adventure and they want something bigger than themselves to live for. Once set in their ways, there is little anyone can do to change a Gecko’s mind. Though they will fight to live their lives the way they want to, they will never intentionally harm others to do so. Geckos believe in the concept of karma and though they can be stubborn they are also kind-hearted humanitarians at their core.

