Driven, persevering, and self-sufficient, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Hornet are powerful creators of their own destiny. Not lacking in self-assurance, this is a sign that gets what it wants regardless of the obstacles in its way.

This is a sign of curious extremes, yet those extremes are often balanced out between the two signs (Cancer and Dragon) that make up the Hornet. They are powerful on the outside, but fragile on the inside, self-assured yet full of doubt, highly independent yet driven by a need to be loved and respected. Members of this sign tend to spend most of their time right in the middle of these extremes, living what may seem on the outside to be a fairly average life.

The one thing that the two sides of a Hornet do not conflict on, though, is being irritable. They might not show it, but you can bet that every Hornet you know gets easily irritated by things they find foolish, unjust, or just plain incorrect. This is because at their core those born under this sign are idealists. They have strong opinions on how the world should be to the point of being able to clearly envision how much better the world would be if they were in charge.



Hornets are typically able to maintain a positive attitude, but they can fall quickly into moods. In truth they are highly temperamental, but they try to avoid showing it. They know that a bad attitude wears poorly so instead they mask their moods just enough so that no one can accuse them of being cranky. At the same time they can’t help but spit out passive-aggressive quips as warning signs so that everyone knows how they feel. Like their animal namesake, Hornets won’t go on the offensive unless it’s necessary, and prefer to have those not in their inner circles to keep a reasonable distance.

What Hornets really want most is to be influential. Part of this is in order to get what they want and the other part is to get respect as an influential figure. Like their moodiness, they won’t come straight out and tell you what they want, though. Instead they will try to subtly sway you toward their ideas. If this technique fails they will slowly increase passive-aggressive arguments to the point where their goal is obvious. In truth, Hornets can be rather inflexible when they are certain that their idea is better.

