Powerful, regal, and solitary, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of Jaguar have a powerful attractive quality that others can’t help but notice. Often eccentric and always proud, members of this sign are capable of great achievements as long as they can remain in control of themselves.

Jaguars are their own best friend and worst enemy. They have the strength, influence, and vision to succeed beyond all reasonable expectations. Ancient South American tribes viewed the jaguar much like the Chinese viewed the dragon. Proud, noble, and brave, jaguars were considered the warrior kings among the animals. Similarly, those who were in positions of royalty and power were honored by comparison to this creature.



Those born under the sign of Jaguar often carry this sense of entitlement into their lives. Pride is extremely important and they have little problem cutting ties with anyone who doesn’t believe in them. Simply put, Jaguars expect to win. They expect to succeed and will do so with or without the help of others. In fact, this trait is so strong that many Jaguars avoid having very many close relationships in order to focus their energy on their careers and goals.

Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are often solitary. They value their time greatly and often feel that time spent socializing or making small talk are a complete waste. Instead, their energy is almost always focused on winning, which can be seen in famous Jaguars such as legendary college basketball coach Bobby Knight and soccer superstar Pelé. Jaguars can summon a tremendous amount of energy, and if they don’t use this energy in a positive manner it will build up inside of them and become toxic.

Jaguars have a reputation for letting their emotions get the best of them. With so much energy at their command it is easy for this energy to get misdirected, especially if Jaguars feel they are not being as respected as they deserve. Self-sabotage is a likelihood with this sign, particularly when they let their fear of failure drive their emotional state. The problem is that they far too often focus on how they appear more than who they are inside. Jaguars don’t value personal relationships as much as they should.



