Elegant, easy-going, and well-mannered, those born under the sign of the Ladybug have excellent taste and a fondness for luxury. They aren’t generally big spenders, but are willing to spend what it takes to make their homes and surroundings stylish and comfortable. Members of this sign want things to be exactly the way they want them, and are very diplomatic about getting exactly that.

Ladybugs achieve things because they are intelligent and capable, but in truth they are big dreamers and idealists who envision living the perfect storybook life someday. Though they enjoy new experiences, deep down every Ladybug fantasizes about coming into money and living a life on permanent vacation. They might not like to admit it, but most would rather miss out on some of life’s adventures in exchange for an easy life of luxuries and relaxation.



Members of this sign can be a little hard to comprehend. They seem to lead simple, care-free lives, but there is more to them than meets the eye. Ladybugs aren’t phony, but they like others to see them as they want to be seen. Above all, they know that they have a role to play in the lives of friends and family. The truth is that Ladybugs are good at manipulating people, but they don’t do this to take advantage of anyone. Instead they usually manipulate situations in order to keep the peace within a group and only rarely for selfish reasons. Ladybugs understand people and know how to tell them exactly what they want to hear. This skill comes from the fact that they are excellent listeners and have good memories. They are sentimental, yet strategic, which is why they give the most sincere and personal gifts and throw the most memorable parties.

The inside of a Ladybug’s mind is a complicated place. They tend to be a bit superstitious and interested in unusual topics. They love getting lost in a good book or movie, especially if there is adventure and/or romance involved. They love the thought of adventure, but prefer to watch from the sidelines rather than jump in themselves. Members of this sign don’t like taking risks. Most won’t even spend $1 on a lottery ticket because the thought of gambling gives them anxiety. Instead, they do what comes naturally to them, which works out quite well. In many cultures the ladybug is considered a symbol of good luck, so it should come as no surprise that those born under the sign of the Ladybug are lucky as well.