Kind, dreamy, and sensitive, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Leafy Seadragon are some of the world’s most imaginative thinkers. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign tend to float through life unnoticed, quietly and steadily making their way forward by following their excellent intuition. It’s easy for them to get sidetracked or caught up in the current of the real world, but Leafy Seadragons do best when they follow their hearts instead of trying to do what seems most practical.

Practicality, organization, and efficiency are not their strengths, yet members of this sign often feel guilty or stupid for not mastering them. They are extremely sensitive to what others think about them and hate to appear weak or incapable. In truth, Leafy Seadragons are highly intelligent individuals who happen to have minds that work differently than most. They must learn to accept and embrace this reality if they ever want to feel content - an experience that is naturally difficult for them already.



Because they are so sensitive, impressionable, and eager to please, members of this sign can be easily influenced by their surroundings. They often seek dominant personalities to help guide them through life and balance out their weaknesses, but this doesn’t always work as well as it sounds. Leafy Seadragons go with the flow, even if that flow takes them somewhere they don’t want to be. In the animal kingdom, their cousin the seahorse can anchor itself to the ocean floor, keeping it from washing ashore or into harm’s way. The leafy seadragon does not have this ability.

More than anything, this is a sign of big dreamers. Those born under this sign spend a very sizable chunk of their time lost in their own thoughts, wading through the waters of their own dreams and visions to find the ideas that they believe can change the world. The thing is, they are right. Kurt Cobain and Billy Corgan re-invented rock music in the 1990’s, some 30 years after George Harrison did as a member of the Beatles. Alexander Graham Bell created the technology that allows people to communicate across the world, while Apple’s Steve Jobs has redesigned the way that technology is used in our everyday lives. Chess mastermind Bobby Fischer and Sistine Chapel painter Michelangelo are considered some of the greatest geniuses to have ever lived. Every one of them is a Leafy Seadragon.

