Those born under the sign of the Lemming may seem somewhat reserved upon first meeting them, but it doesn’t take long to discover a surprisingly bright personality and sense of humor hidden beneath the surface. Smart and clever, but also deeply creative and emotional, these passive individuals can be influential when they want to be. Unlike some other signs they don’t need to shout orders from the mountaintop to be inspiring. Instead they use their clever use of words and ideas to paint mental pictures in the minds of others.

This is a sign where deep thought, emotion, beauty, introspection, and intuition meet expression, curiosity, and charm. Lemmings are artistic and deeply philosophical and can express themselves in an insightful and intriguing manner. These are people you always want to hear more from. Lemmings say what they want, but choose their words carefully. They always have fascinating insights, which comes from being more spiritually connected than most.



The actual animal called the lemming is largely misunderstood. Contrary to popular belief, lemmings do not commit suicide nor blindly follow each other off of cliffs. This theory was based on these creature’s strong urge to migrate when population explodes, as it strangely does among them in waves. When this happens, the usually strong swimmer can get in over their heads (literally) and drown trying to cross rivers. Why is this important to those born under this sign? Because the key spiritual lesson of this sign is to become independent while choosing their actions based on a combination of intelligence and intuition rather than instinct or emotion. Lemmings are not the brainless followers they are made out to be, but rather animals who sometimes rely far too much on instinctive and emotional feelings to guide them even when they probably know better.

Lemmings have to be careful about addictions. They can easily be enticed by money, status, flattery, or just feeling good in general. Members of this sign have to realize that these are all meaningless to them from the soul’s perspective. They have so much to give, and so much to share with others that it is frustrating to watch them spin their wheels and waste their talents by not learning from their past mistakes and relationships. They need someone to be as straightforward and honest with them as they like to be with others. They have to learn to take well-placed criticism and interpret it in a way that helps them rather than offends them. If they can do this, all problems will begin to clear themselves up.

As with most signs, finding a balance in life of work, love, friendship, comfort, and security is going to be very important. Anyone can get out of balance, and this usually happens to Lemmings through romance. They seem to be at ease with people and life in general, but they tend to pick bad partners who cause them pain and drama and when they do find a good person they feel bored, trapped, or unsettled. This can happen with friendship circles too. This sign may find themselves on the outs with good friends who can’t stand to watch them self-destruct.

With great power comes great responsibility, and this is a sign of incredible potential power. Some will avoid expressing their power in order to avoid the potential trappings that come along with it, and this is not always a bad thing. Being prone to addiction and depression, this soul’s goal is to learn to exert enough power to get what they want and need in life, but not pushing so far that they overshoot their true goals.

All signs benefit greatly from knowing their life path, but this one in particular. With so much talent and energy it is easy to go off course. Knowing the plan is the best way to ensure success in this lifetime, both materially and spiritually.

