Loyal, helpful, and sensitive, those born under the sign of the Marmot are polite and well-mannered individuals who value balance and happiness above all else. They are extremely interested in people, both in a social and anthropological way. They don’t have the greatest instincts and may be more than a bit naive, but they are always kind and hospitable above all else.

Some individuals find them a bit boring. This is a sign that can follow the same routine day in and day out as long as it suits their needs. They don’t like drama and shy away from confrontation whenever possible. It’s not that they are weak or afraid, they simply prefer to focus their energy on positive thoughts and have trouble understanding those who seek drama in their lives.



Kindness is the first priority for a Marmot, and no matter how busy they are trying to build up their own lives they are often willing to help a friend in need, or a friend of a friend for that matter. Members of this sign often have many acquaintances and activities within their communities. They like to be helpful and like to be a part of something bigger than themselves, which is why Marmots are among the first to volunteer when help is needed.

Those born under this sign have to be careful of overextending themselves. They often take on so many tasks for so many people that they completely avoid taking care of themselves. Deep down they know that their helpful nature is their biggest social asset so they constantly give and give to others hoping for respect, admiration, or at the very least friendship from those they give to. Others may take advantage of them for this reason and prey upon their desire to be of service to others. Marmots need to learn to say “no” every once in awhile so that they can be appreciated for how much they really do.

Because of their generosity and sense of community they have a hard time understanding those who act only on their own behalf. In this way they are a bit more spiritually advanced than other signs, but that doesn’t mean they don’t have lessons to learn. In this lifetime, those born under the sign of the Marmot need to develop a sense of self along with their sense of community. It’s ironic that a sign so interested in people often doesn’t take the time to become interested enough in themselves.

