Perceptive, deep, and independent, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Mouse are sensitive individuals who see life as a complex drama. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are survivalists who are good at finding creative but intellectual solutions to life’s challenges. Like a mouse in a maze, they use both instinct and logical analysis to move ahead despite the obstacles in their path.

Above all things, Mice are extremely observant. Though they are charming and social, they also take time in social situations to sit back and watch. It is important for Mice to know exactly how to relate to the different people around them and they can’t relax completely until they feel that they understand others and (more importantly) that others understand them. At the same time, few people are more difficult to truly, deeply know than Mice. Members of this sign do not like to share too much about themselves with others and despite their desire to live a wonderful, rich life they rarely take anyone else’s advice.


The sign of the Mouse is one that is deeply rooted in intuition derived from perception. They are excellent analysts whose logic and idealism can sometimes overwhelm the gentler, kinder side of themselves. Ironically, they are quite bad at self-analysis and tend to make the same mistakes over and over again. Though they would never admit it, Mice are secretly impressed by wealth and status and long to have others look up to them for their mental acuity. The problem with Mice is that they see all the details but are almost always focused solely on the big picture. Anything in between is considered unimportant and is often overlooked.


Mice are willing to take risks to gain life experience. This life is all about experiences, and this is the sign that will keep getting up no matter how many times they get knocked down. In fact, Mice should expect big ups and downs in life, but along the way they must never forget who they are or who they want to be. Mice rarely ever compromise themselves or their integrity. While they are smart enough to be sneaky and ruthless, such behavior does not sit well with them.


They can, however, be controlling perfectionists who demand the best from others. This is an example of the darker side of the Mouse personality. They spend so much time working on themselves and their lives that they don’t have much tolerance for those who don’t try to keep moving forward and bettering themselves. They can be judgmental, cold, and inflexible, and can even express very uncharacteristic thoughtless behavior when they are stressed. In times of stress and frustration, Mice can develop a false sense of self, thinking they are above other people or ideas. It’s not unusual for them to find themselves disappointed in others, which keeps them moving on to find new relationships and experiences. A Mouse’s greatest weakness is that they have a hard time seeing things another person’s perspective.