In the animal kingdom, ocelots are nocturnal, solitary, and very territorial. They build their own little world around themselves and only rarely will let anyone else in. However, some people (such as famous surrealist painter Salvador Dali) have successfully kept them as pets. This is the secret of the ocelot: They can be dangerous, but are still just little cats deep down at their core. Once they can learn to trust others they can live right alongside everyone else comfortably.

This is the natural way of being for those born under the sign of the Ocelot. They keep others at a distance. They want others to accept the impression of them that they choose to give off. They don’t really want confrontation, so they will likely put up a big front in order to keep others at a distance. These choices most often lead to a mostly solitary lifestyle, which is good for them in some ways and not as good in others. Members of this sign can become reclusive and start to live in their own little world instead of accepting and tolerating the ups and downs of the real world.



Those born under the sign of the Ocelot aren’t solitary because they don’t like other people. In fact, members of this sign enjoy the company of others quite a bit. They sometimes isolate themselves because it is the easiest, and sometimes the only, way to fully harness their immense creative power. A combination of the western zodiac sign of Pisces and the eastern zodiac sign of Rooster, this sign is self-contradictory in many ways, but the two sides also complement one another a great deal.

Rooster gives strength, confidence, and determination which in turn allows Pisces to fulfill its creative dreams and visions. Both sides gain deep satisfaction from these accomplishments which could not exist without this dual nature. This is a sign that can get things done, but in their own unique, visionary style. They truly don’t need others to succeed, but can benefit quite a bit from connecting to people in the real world. If they cut themselves off from others too much they can get too wrapped up in their own little fantasy world and if they socialize too much they will have a hard time finishing the projects they start. The key is balance.

