Loyal, ambitious, and intense, those born under the sign of the Octopus prefer to deal in facts rather than emotions. Though not necessarily unfriendly, members of this sign can be fairly anti-social. To be more specific, they tend to be uncomfortable in most social situations. Octopuses often don’t feel like they fit in or know what to say in social situations. Instead, they prefer time alone or with a couple of their closest friends with whom they share a great deal of the same ideals.

Octopuses are highly complex characters. Like their animal namesakes, members of this sign are highly intelligent and can solve problems and puzzles that would stump their peers. Just as the aquatic cephalopod receives little contact or guidance from parents, so too do those born under the sign of the Octopus require little instruction compared to other signs.



The mind of an Octopus is both complex and contradictory. They are part rebel but part people-pleaser. They have deep reserves of inner strength but become nervous and uncertain at the slightest glitch in the plan. They consider themselves “straight-shooters”, but can’t stand it when someone is critical of them. They are passive while temperamental, honest while secretive, and always want to have the advantage but cry foul play if someone else has an advantage over them.

There is a considerable dark side available to those born under this sign. Depending on other aspects in the birth chart, this dark side may be expressed in different ways. Most Octopuses internalize their negative feelings rather than expel them into the world, though this isn’t always the best approach. Dealing with feelings rather than becoming overwhelmed by them is the only way to work through the inner challenges and fears that this sign can become mired in.

Octopuses need confidence to thrive or else their potential will become volatile and negative rather than helpful. Ironically, the self-sufficient loner receives most of its confidence from outside sources (at least early on in life), so it’s important for this sign to challenge its own discomfort with socializing. Octopuses value loyalty, honor, and work ethic above all else. They often have difficulty creating their own happiness, mostly because they prioritize things like pride and power over peace and serenity. Always hardest on themselves, members of this sign have idealistic ideas and opinions and a worldview that few others can accurately understand.

