In the animal kingdom, the famous giant panda is one of the most contradictory animals by nature. They are popular but loners, bears who don’t hibernate, carnivores that eat 99% bamboo, are territorial but don’t live in one place, are strong and potentially dangerous but shy away from confrontation. Humans born under the sign of the Panda share many similarities. Members of this sign tend to be popular but loners, want to go with flow but have to feel in charge of their own destiny, long to relax but are always working on projects, are ambitious yet uncertain, want to do things that help others yet are often self-focused, and have creative minds that are often focused on success and achievement.

Rather than see things as they are, Pandas see the world in terms of how it affects them personally. They have a desire to improve the world around them, but their approach to doing so is a bit different from others. Members of this sign believe that by being their best and improving their own lives they are doing what they can to improve their surroundings, which makes things better for everyone. Others may interpret this behavior as self-centered, but this is genuinely the best way for Pandas to operate.



Pandas are surprisingly shy. They can be territorial loners who live in their own little world, but this is by design. Those born under this sign are quiet, collected, and focused but can become obsessive, overly critical, and anxious if left alone for too long. Though they need time alone, Pandas should be careful not to isolate themselves from the world. Private and reserved, it can be hard for Pandas to find the right social scene, but it’s important that they try.

The biggest challenge for Pandas in life is finding their place in the world. In their youth they will likely isolate themselves to work on esoteric projects and personal interests, but over time they must realize that they do, in fact, need others to help make their visions into reality. Pandas also have a hard time feeling content, and too often second-guess themselves. Though ambitious, they must also realize that there is time to work and time to play, and they can afford to do both.