Those born under the sign of the Pelican are diplomatic, but also direct. They are the mediators of friend and family conflicts and have a strong sense of justice and fairness, but are also willing to take advantage of whatever opportunities they are afforded.

Proud and self assured, Pelicans work hard to keep up appearances. Though they like to come across as cool and collected they secretly have a passion for romance, conflict, and drama. Members of this sign are among the biggest dreamers. They often have huge plans for themselves and little doubt they will someday achieve them. While some may see this as egotistical, Pelicans require a certain amount of belief in themselves in order to protect their self-beliefs. Without this ego, they would begin to doubt themselves, which would most likely prevent them from achieving their goals.



This is an important truth about members of this sign. Though they are smart and capable, the real reason they succeed is because they believe they will. Those who are less confident have to choose to either “fake it until they make it” or accept that they cannot live up to their potential without a stronger sense of self-worth. In this way, Pelicans need the approval of others to keep their self-confidence high. While they are generally good at being self-confident, they will likely go through times of self-doubt where they question everything they are doing. This can be difficult to deal with, but it is necessary in order to remain objective about their choices. Those who don’t ever question their own motives will often find that they are chasing after money, status, attention, etc. instead of focusing on what they really want in life.

Pelicans are a lot of different things at once; expressive, vain, optimistic, confident, bossy, and intense. They are often perfectionists who have many irons in the fire. Work lives, social lives, and personal lives all get blended together, for there is not enough time in the day for a member of this sign to accomplish everything they set out to do. This works for them, though, because it means they always have an audience. At the same time, this is a sign that does not need others in order to succeed. No entourage is required, but it certainly makes their busy lives a lot more fun.

