Individual, sensitive, and idealistic, those born under the sign of the Polar Bear long to get the most out of life. They are very observant and may learn how to manipulate people and situations at an early age. Polar Bears instinctively know what role to play in various situations and have both the intellect and courage to improvise their way into getting what they want.

Though intellectuals in many respects, Polar Bears are primarily guided by their emotions. This is neither positive nor negative, it is simply the way their minds function. Because of this, members of this sign are often very sensitive to the way others treat them. Despite a certain social bravado, there is a fragility to them that drives many of their fears. These are sensitive souls who want nothing more than the love and respect of those around them. Without obvious gestures of adoration, Polar Bears may begin to doubt themselves which can lead to anxiety and depression.



Polar Bears tend to dwell on the mistakes of the past. They are often too sensitive and may interpret the words and actions of others as barbs directed at them when they are not even being discussed. When self-doubt and depression take over, members of this sign simply shut down. Like their animal namesakes they go into a form of “hibernation” where they basically stop accepting new mental input until they can afford to spend the energy to build themselves back up. When in this state of imbalance, they can be stubborn, inflexible, closed-minded and emotionally disconnected. When this happens it is best to let them pull themselves back together before trying to step in and help.

Members of this sign work hard to earn the respect of others. They lead from the heart, using the intellect as a support system, and are among the most resilient of all signs. This combination allows them to achieve great things as long as they make a conscious effort to stay positive despite the inevitable disappointments that life brings. As concerned as they are in managing their own sense of balance and ambition, it is also important for Polar Bears to share their lessons and their strength with others. In this way they can fulfill their ideals and give themselves a sense of purpose if they don’t already have one.