Strong, curious, and energetic, those born under the sign of the Raven often succeed where others fail. Their deepest desire is to overcome the odds, to triumph, and to prove themselves to the world. They are willing to give up a considerable amount of personal needs, but in return they can use what others consider disadvantages to their advantage. That is their greatest power.

A combination of the western sign of Scorpio and the eastern sign of the Monkey, this is a highly contradictory sign in terms of its dual nature (sun and moon). One one hand, those born during a Year of the Monkey typically start out with an easy beginning of life where they are coddled, loved, and told they are special. Scorpios take much longer to come out of their shells, but where Monkeys usually hit hard times in early adulthood, this is prime time for Scorpio to step up and take action. There will be something of a shift in thinking between childhood/teenage years and early adulthood. This shift in perspective is where they realize their true power and have to decide how to best use their immense inner strength and potential.



Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are difficult to pin down. In many world mythologies, the Raven Spirit was considered a trickster - a sly and cunning individual who would often get what they wanted, or otherwise entertain themselves, through the intellectual manipulation of others. Powerful and unpredictable, these spirits often had few true followers, for most people were wise enough to fear that which only a Raven is capable of.

This is not necessarily a “dark” sign in terms of spirit or personality, though. Many Ravens have highly developed senses of humor, and other planetary aspects in each individual’s birth chart will play a major role in the direction of that person’s life. Ravens can be young, selfish, inexperienced souls or old, powerful souls. How they use their power - for personal gain or to help others - will be an indicator of the karmic direction of a Raven’s life.

