Curious, independent, and optimistic, those born under the sign of the Roadrunner are all about having the freedom to do what they want when they want to do it. They are always looking for a new adventure or challenge, and delight in their own ability to figure out new solutions to problems quickly and easily.

To be fair, Roadrunners are selfish, but not in a malicious way. They just follow their interests (until they get bored) and don’t fully realize how their actions affect others. In fact they will follow their interests without much thought as to the consequences in general. Roadrunners choose to be a bit unaware of others because they don’t want to let the sensitivities of others get in the way of their goals. Members of this sign laugh at what they find funny, and don’t necessarily have a great filter between what they think and what they say. Again, they are not trying to hurt anyone's feelings, they are just doing what comes naturally.



Roadrunners cannot allow themselves to become bored, under any conditions. If they do they can become terribly moody, and will turn to manipulation to keep their brains stimulated. This is a sign that need to explore the world around them. Being out and about and learning new things is essential to their mental and emotional well-being. Like the famous cartoon roadrunner of Warner Brothers fame, members of this sign cannot be captured, tied down, or even caught up to.

The biggest challenge roadrunners face is the potential to become disconnected from humanity. Through Sagittarius they naturally are more future-focused than presently aware, and can unintentionally neglect social graces and niceties. Add to that the Monkey’s influence (self-centered, likes to trick people just to see if they can, manipulative, clever), and you have all of the skills and mindset required to become a highly skilled con artist. Of course, this is not the Roadrunner’s natural course, but there will be temptation at a young age to use their accelerated wits to get what they want. If this continues into adulthood it can become a problem, as taking the easy (and potentially illegal) road may appear to be the quickest path to success. Self-awareness is the key to maturity and maturity is the key to growth.

