Proud, sensitive, and hard working, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Sea Star are at the same time both very reflective of the past and focused on the future. They are strong willed, perceptive, and extremely intelligent individuals who often spend a lot of time alone with their thoughts. Sea Stars expect more out of themselves than most signs, perhaps even too much.

Nobody likes to make mistakes, but Sea Stars are particularly sensitive to feeling or looking foolish. Since they are very highly analytical they always try to have a logical solution to every situation, but human nature rarely conforms to logic and reason. This can be frustrating and make members of this sign feel as if they don’t have a place in the world or people who truly understand them.

Sea Stars are logic-driven, but are also closet romantics. They don’t like to take risks, and must always have all of the information before making a decision. Their lives are carefully planned to avoid making mistakes or experiencing failure. Ironically, they are one of the most resilient signs in the Primal Zodiac. Just as their animal namesake can regenerate its body from a single remaining limb, those born under the sign of the Sea Star are much stronger and more resilient than they even know. There is tremendous strength in this sign, yet they sometimes act timid and weak in relationships, which those who care about them find frustrating as this is not their true nature but rather an unnecessary, if not limiting, role they subconsciously play.

Sea Stars often feel like they have to choose between their own beautiful (if not a bit fantastic) vision of life and reality. Understandably, they don’t want to compromise. Members of this sign need to accept reality as it is while still trying to change it. This is the only true path to balance. Most will need to build a foundation of stability first, but after this is done, they should be careful about not continuing to focus on achievements and/or regrets; instead focus on enjoying what life has to offer, which always and only takes place “right now”.


Born in Virgo during the Year of the Ox, Sea Stars face the challenge of finding a balance between the opposing natures of both signs. Virgo has a strong tendency to look at the past while the Ox tends to look toward the future. If this is the case, then who is living in the moment? Sea Stars must take the time to slow down from chasing their big dreams to simply exist in a peaceful, restful state as their animal namesakes often do.