Squids are powerful personalities that can only be ‘checked and balanced’ by themselves. They are highly capable, intelligent individuals who seem to know everything. Generally good natured, they also have a hidden inner dark side which resides deep within themselves. No one is allowed into this secret place, often not even themselves. Squids will even try to bury painful truths within themselves in order to avoid dealing with difficult emotions and situations.

Squids are not confrontational. Like their animal namesake, they are mysterious, powerful, and intriguing individuals who, despite their strength and intimidating presence, are more likely to escape from a difficult or dangerous situation than stay and fight. Except of course, when it comes to finding prey. Those born under this sign, as well as those in the animal kingdom, can go on the offensive with such speed and skill that others don’t realize what has happened until it is all over. Also like the animal, those born under this sign are often categorized as aggressive when they are really more curious. The sheer power and self-control they hold inside radiates out to others and can even scare people away.



Squids are a bit misunderstood this way. Their strong personalities can be misinterpreted easily by those who don’t know them well. In reality, members of this sign are mostly harmless, strongly preferring intellectual discussion and study of the mysterious and unknown than taking part in the gossip or drama of those around them. Squids have strong opinions and emotions, but don’t enjoy delving too deeply into these areas, as these discussions inevitably lead to the pressure to reveal one’s inner secrets or subconscious self. Squids prefer to keep their thoughts to themselves, unless they are certain that those near them share their theories and preferences.

Squids are social but can also spend a great deal of time alone, especially when working. They can be moody and emotionally inconsistent, but they also have a lot of pride and don’t like to show any weakness. They don’t take criticism well, nor do they have a very good idea of how others perceive them. Internally Squids know they are not perfect, but still try to present themselves this way. The most difficult task for this sign will be confronting their hidden inner self. This can be a very challenging and even painful process, but also one of the most powerful in terms of life lessons and self acceptance.

