Combining the ambition and cunning of the Rat with the stubborn persistence of the Bull, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Squirrel are capable of creating great success in their lifetimes. Both highly capable and strong-willed, members of this sign are willing to take the risks necessary to lead them to their goals.

These traits represent both the best and worst sides of the Squirrel. Their strong work ethic and enthusiasm for achievement help them immensely when it comes to getting what they want out of life. At the same time Squirrels are often too willing to sacrifice anything and everything in order to accomplish what they have their minds set on. Some may even reach the very edge of ethical and moral boundaries if need be, though luckily they are usually smart enough to know not to cross the legal ones.



Once Squirrels become focused on a goal, there is simply no stopping them unless they choose to stop themselves. Though not patient in the classic sense of the word, they are willing to take each step one at a time in order to build the foundation for their success. This is often the difference between this sign and others who seek success. Even though they want the glory and riches as soon as possible, Squirrels inherently know that it will take time to get where they want to go, and are willing to wait if it gives them a better shot at having it all.

Squirrels have great instincts. They understand people very well and will often partner up with others to reach higher levels of success. Witty, imaginative, and charming, they are surprisingly skilled at convincing others to join them on their road to greatness. Usually they will stay loyal to their comrades, though they will not hesitate to do what is necessary to keep their dreams alive. The “big picture” is the only picture for a Squirrel.

Interestingly, in the animal kingdom, the typically vegetarian squirrel has been found to prey on other small animals if need be. Though this is rare, it clearly represents the singular focus and survival instincts of the animal which represents those born under its sign.

