Proud, energetic and eccentric, those born under the sign of the Swordfish can’t help but walk their own path in life. Filled with big dreams and big ideas, members of this sign are as organized and precise as they are intelligent and adventurous. Swordfish live by their own philosophy in life, which includes a look-before-you-leap faith that everything will work out in their favor.

Since Swordfish are continuously focused on themselves, many others find them to be arrogant or egotistical. That isn’t an unfair assumption, though like any sign, certain aspects in the birth chart will have a strong influence on how self-centered each individual is and if it does indeed end up overpowering their finer characteristics. If nothing else, Swordfish are self-assured and confident. They don’t fear change and often perform better in crunch time than when in a low-stress environment.



Like their animal namesake, those born under the sign of the Swordfish often use their natural approach to shock others into paying attention to them. Just as the sharp billed fish stun their prey with rapid, sudden leaps, members of this sign often have an extremely direct, if not blunt, way of speaking to others that keeps everyone on their toes. In truth, Swordfish require a lot of attention and feel the need to be heard over the noise of the crowd. Though normally bright and dashing in personality, they will occasionally start controversies just to make a point.

Though it can be more curse than blessing at times, Swordfish are very good at expressing themselves. At their best they are colorful, powerful, and radiant individuals who can keep up in just about any conversation. They key is that they have many different interests, therefore they know a little bit about a lot of different topics. There is usually one or two key passions that members of this sign hold dear, even if they are offbeat or eccentric. Deep down, Swordfish have a desire to make the world a better place. If nothing else, they hope to leave their mark on the world and inspire future generations to do the same.



