When considering the animal kingdom, most people think of the tarantula as a big, hairy, venomous spider, but in truth these bold and unique creatures are mostly harmless to humans. At the same time, they are cunning and agile hunters who are always one step ahead of their prey. Ambush is their primary method of capture, opting for stealth over strength. Instead of sight or hearing, touch is the keenest sense, and in hunting it primarily depends on vibrations given off by the movements of its prey.

In the Primal Zodiac, these same core traits are inherent in those who are born under the sign of the Tarantula. Combining the adventurousness of Sagittarius with the graceful instincts of the Snake, members of this sign are both strong and intelligent. They seem to have a sixth sense for knowing what others are thinking, but in reality they are simply highly observant and have an inherent knowledge of human behavior. Having the Snake as one’s Chinese Zodiac sign gives one a seductive, charming, and mysterious edge. This perfectly compliments the Sagittarius inside, who would otherwise not be focused on the small details surrounding them. Likewise, a Sagittarius sun sign keeps the Snake from becoming lazy and self-indulgent.



Tarantulas focus on what they are interested in and can hold that focus longer than almost anyone else. They are optimistic and exuberant about chasing what they want, but they are also sly and cautious in their approach. Tarantulas always put themselves in the best possible position before they strike. Despite their love of adventure and new experiences, they don’t like to take unnecessary risks. Still they have to do what they do with a certain level of skill and showmanship.

The one great weakness that Tarantulas have is the tendency to become too detached from the world around them. Because they are highly capable of getting where they want to go (and they tend to want to go a lot of places), those born under this sign can be coldly calculating at times. Because they are gifted in the art of manipulation and are smart enough to know how to use it, there always exists the potential to take advantage of those around them.

If there’s one thing you can’t deny about Tarantulas is that they have style. It might not be the same style as everyone else around them, but their sense of individual flair is one that does not go unnoticed. Tarantulas usually have a great sense of humor, though those who are easily offended may not so readily agree.