Strong, proud, and emotional, those born under the sign of the Wolverine are born leaders who can rise to a challenge with the best of them. Like their animal namesake, Wolverines never back down, even to much bigger opponents. Their powerful presence and confidence in battle intimidate even the most resolved competitors, allowing them to achieve unlikely victories in territories that most others would fear to tread.

With such a strong personality, one might expect members of this sign to be serious all of the time, but in reality nothing could be further from the truth. Though less pronounced, Wolverines show their playful side often. In fact, if given the opportunity, they would prefer every day to be a lazy day filled with good food and rousing entertainment, but they also know that if they want to achieve their goals they must get up and fight for what they want.



Wolverines spend a good deal of energy putting forth a self-image that they want others to believe in. Pride is incredibly important to members of this sign, and in truth a great deal of their fight comes from the need to prove that they can match the power and intensity of anyone around them. If it were possible, they would make it so they could never show any weakness or uncertainty again. What they fail to realize is that it is their faults that make them charming and relate-able. Without their imperfections they risk coming across as overly aggressive and competitive, which many people find off-putting.

Though they can be among the most fun people you will ever meet, they also have a darker side that comes out when things don’t go their way. In fact, Wolverines have a reputation for sulking if they don’t get their way. Members of this sign want to be in control all of the time, and they don’t share the leadership role well. When they are happy they are outgoing, gregarious, and kind, but when they are upset these traits quickly disappear. The caveat is that Wolverines are far too proud to put their negative emotions on display, though they also don’t hide them as well as they think they do.

Ultimately, Wolverines want to be the best all the time. They can be controlling and moody when they are “off”, but when they are “on” there are few stars that shine as brightly as they do. With maturity will come stability, but Wolverines don’t have to worry too much about directing their energy one way or another. Unlike many other signs, those born under this one can typically let their intuition and natural ways of being guide them through life successfully. As long as Wolverines remember that they don’t always have to win, life can be whatever they want it to be.