Independent, self-sufficient, and optimistic, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Woodpecker have a strong belief in themselves and their ability to create and achieve. Highly capable and adaptable, Woodpeckers are good at figuring out puzzles and overcoming challenges that others prefer to avoid.

Woodpeckers have big ambitions and rarely trust others to perform to their expectations. Because of this, they often take matters into their own hands in order to get things exactly how they want them. They instinctively know that even minor flaws in presentation can counteract a great deal of the hard work they’ve put into a project, so they tend to be much more calculated in their approach to goals and challenges than they might be in other aspects of their lives.


Specific interests and passions are important for this sign. They tend to be very good at the things they are interested in. The more they are interested in a challenge, the farther they can go with it, because Woodpeckers never stop working. This sign combines the serious, driven nature of Capricorn with the clever wit of the Chinese Zodiac’s Monkey. When these forces work in harmony, they are practically unstoppable. Woodpeckers are good at spotting trends, and making plans. They believe that anything is possible if you are willing to work for it.

In order to function at a high level, members of this sign need an above-average amount of self-confidence. Praise and admiration for their intellect and creative thinking often come at an early age and these individuals are often considered to be intellectually advanced. While this sets them up with the confidence they need to achieve their goals, Woodpeckers still must be careful not to turn self-confidence into self-centricity. An active social life is important to balance them out and keep them optimistic. When self-confidence wanes this sign can turn quickly to its dark side, becoming conceited, melancholy, and disinterested in anything other than themselves. When this happens they need to work their way back into confidence. Nothing anyone else can do for them is as powerful as their own ability to create.